Components and Editor sections, banner fixes, zero length topics set … (#822)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/editor/_index.md

weight: 300
---

To learn various aspects of Open 3D Engine's (O3DE) **Editor**, refer to the following topics.

| Topic | Explanation |
| - | - |
| [Viewport interaction model](./viewport) | Learn how to work in **Perspective** in O3DE Editor with the viewport interaction model. |

> | [Add Lua scripts to entities](./add-lua-script) | Learn to to add functionality to entities with the **Lua Script** component. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Add Lua scripts to entities](./add-lua-script) | Learn how to add functionality to entities with the **Lua Script** component. |
```

| [Camera space](./camera-space) | Learn to use the camera space manipulator. |
| [Console](./console) | In the O3DE Console, you can see output from commands and processes and enter commands to set options and features for your project. |
| [Console variables (CVARs)](./console-cvars-commands) | Learn to use console commands and CVARs. |

> | [Customizing O3DE Editor](./customizing) | Learn to customize the O3DE Editor workspace layout, and preferences. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Customizing O3DE Editor](./customizing) | Learn to customize the O3DE Editor workspace, layout, and preferences. |
```

| [Editor automation](./editor-automation) | Automate tasks in O3DE Editor with Python. |
| [Entity Inspector](./entity-inspector) | Add and configure an entity's components in Entity Inspector. |
| [Custom entity icons](./entity-inspector-customize-icon) | Add custom icons for the entities in your project. |
| [Pin the Entity Inspector](./entity-inspector-pin) | Pin the Entity Inspector to view and edit the components of multiple entities. |
| [Entity status](./entity-inspector-status) | Set the active status on entities. |

> | [Entity Outliner](./entity-outliner) | Use Entity Outliner you can view, select, and organize the entities in your level. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Entity Outliner](./entity-outliner) | Use Entity Outliner to view, select, and organize the entities in your level. |
```
